Added topic on how to view exemplar data (#34404)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/basics/exemplars/_index.md

Use exemplars to help isolate problems within your data distribution by pinpointing query traces exhibiting high latency within a time interval. Once you localize the latency problem to a few exemplar traces, you can combine it with additional system based information or location properties to perform a root cause analysis faster, leading to quick resolutions to performance issues.

> Support for exemplars is available for the Prometheus data source only. Once you enable the functionality, exemplars data is available by default. For more information on exemplar configuration and how to enable exemplars, refer to [configuring exemplars in Prometheus data source]({{< relref "../../datasources/prometheus.md#configuring-exemplars" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable the functionality, exemplars data is available by default. However, only Prometheus supports exemplars. For more information on exemplar configuration and how to enable exemplars, refer to [Configuring exemplars in Prometheus data source]({{< relref "../../datasources/prometheus.md#configuring-exemplars" >}}).
```

Author: I will keep this as is now. I would like to change it, but your suggestion is a bit abrupt.
